README.md, before:

# Basel Mobile Personal Training Services

Have you ever considered to start an exercise routine? But you never knew where to start? You checked the local fitness clubb but found it too intimadating?
Well, in this case you are on the right place!
The mobile Personal Training Service takes the training to your home!
No long term contracts, flexible training times and fun!
Just fill the Contact Form and we'll get back to you in 24 hours.
Let's do this!

The section above would be my "sales pitch" to target potential clients who want to do some training/ exercising at home or at a chosen location in/around Basel in Switzerland.

![Mockup screenshot](/assets/media/mockupone.png)

## User Experience

### First time visitor goals

+ As a first time visitor the goal and the purpose of the website is easily understandable.
- As a first time visitor I can easily navigate through the pages and locate content.
* As a first time visitor I can find feedbacks/ testimonials from past/current clients and perhaps I can relate to some of these individulas.


### Returning visitor goals

+ After some contemplation as a returning visitor to the website I can find out specifically on which locations can I reuest the service.
- As a returning visitor I can submit my "interest" towards the service provider, I can get in to contact.
* As a returning visitor I'll have a better understanding of the type of training/services.
+ As a returning visitor I can try some training routines based on provided/ linked videos.
- As a returning visitor I can look up the company/ owner based on the social media links which gives a better understanding of the organisation/owner.

### Frequent user goals

- As a frequently returning user I want to see if there are updated training routines added to the Youtube channel.
+ As a frequently returning user I want to see if the location of services perhaps expanded.

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

+ HTML5
- CSS3

### Frameworks, Liraries & Programs Used

1. Google Fonts: 
Google fonts were used across all the pages which was linked to the CSS file.

2. Font Awesome
Font Awesome was used to add icons to the appropriate sections.

3. Favicon
Favicon emoji was used from favicon.io

4. Git
Git was used to commit and push the codes.

5. GitHub
Github was used to store the project after being pushed

6. Istock
Istock by Getty Images was used to download pictures for background and illustrations.

7. Pixlr
Pixlr platform was used to edit, re-size pictures.




## Features

### Existing Features


+ Favicon

![favicon](/assets/favicon/favicon-16x16.png)

Upon opening the page in the browser next to the name of the website the "favicon" appears.
The emoji of a weight lifting person supposed to indicate that the website is related to the topic of exercise, training, fitness, health.


- Navigation, Header

![Mockup screenshot](/assets/media/navbar.png)
 The navigation bar and header has a clear, minimalistic style. The logo "Basel Mobile Personal Training Services" clearly indicates What it is?, Where it is?
 The navigation bar includes three sections: 1. Home,
                                             2. Training,
                                             3. Contact form.
With an underline at the actual page it indicates clearly for the visitor on which page she/he is.       
The navigation bar, header is consitent in apperence and location on all three pages.                                      




- Social Media Links

![social media icons](/assets/media/socialmedialinks.png)

The social media links can be found on all three pages at the bottom- footer.
With the well known icons for Youtube, LinkdIn, Facebook the visitor can collect more information about the business.



* External Links

External link on page one is taking the visitor to another service provider's website who the owner worked in the past.
First external link on page two takes the visitor the the owners Youtube channel. Here the visitor can get a better idea about the type of training that the service covers.
Second external link on page two takes the visitor to a public fitness studio's website where the owner also delivers the training services. It's an alternstive location.


+ Contact Form

![Screenshot-of-contactform](/assets/media/form.png)



On page three is a simple contact for which requests First Name, Last Name and email address from anyone who is interested in personal training or wants to have more information.




- Checkboxes

![checkboxes](/assets/media/checkboxes.png)

The check boxes on page three help the visitor clarifying their training goal and helps the owner to anticipate the needs of a potential client.




## Features left to implement


For future implementation a calendar/schedule system to be added for existing clients to schedule appointments/ training sessions.


## Testing

### Validator Testing

### Unfixed Bugs


## Deployment

## Credits



### Content

### Media

### Acknowledgement 












[def]: ..//assets/images/ethos-center-image.jpg

Commit message:

Additional lines for Features and used technology  sections

README.md, after:

# Basel Mobile Personal Training Services

Have you ever considered to start an exercise routine? But you never knew where to start? You checked the local fitness clubb but found it too intimadating?
Well, in this case you are on the right place!
The mobile Personal Training Service takes the training to your home!
No long term contracts, flexible training times and fun!
Just fill the Contact Form and we'll get back to you in 24 hours.
Let's do this!

The section above would be my "sales pitch" to target potential clients who want to do some training/ exercising at home or at a chosen location in/around Basel in Switzerland.

![Mockup screenshot](/assets/media/mockupone.png)

## User Experience

### First time visitor goals

+ As a first time visitor the goal and the purpose of the website is easily understandable.
- As a first time visitor I can easily navigate through the pages and locate content.
* As a first time visitor I can find feedbacks/ testimonials from past/current clients and perhaps I can relate to some of these individulas.


### Returning visitor goals

+ After some contemplation as a returning visitor to the website I can find out specifically on which locations can I reuest the service.
- As a returning visitor I can submit my "interest" towards the service provider, I can get in to contact.
* As a returning visitor I'll have a better understanding of the type of training/services.
+ As a returning visitor I can try some training routines based on provided/ linked videos.
- As a returning visitor I can look up the company/ owner based on the social media links which gives a better understanding of the organisation/owner.

### Frequent user goals

- As a frequently returning user I want to see if there are updated training routines added to the Youtube channel.
+ As a frequently returning user I want to see if the location of services perhaps expanded.

## Technologies Used

### Languages Used

+ HTML5
- CSS3

### Frameworks, Liraries & Programs Used

1. Google Fonts: 
Google fonts were used across all the pages which was linked to the CSS file.

2. Font Awesome
Font Awesome was used to add icons to the appropriate sections.

3. Favicon
Favicon emoji was used from favicon.io

4. Git
Git was used to commit and push the codes.

5. GitHub
Github was used to store the project after being pushed

6. Istock
Istock by Getty Images was used to download pictures for background and illustrations.

7. Pixlr
Pixlr platform was used to edit, re-size pictures.

8. VS Code Editor
To write and run the code VS Code editor was used which is Code Institute's cloud based IDE platform.






## Features


### Existing Features


+ Favicon

![favicon](/assets/favicon/favicon-16x16.png)

Upon opening the page in the browser next to the name of the website the "favicon" appears.
The emoji of a weight lifting person supposed to indicate that the website is related to the topic of exercise, training, fitness, health.


- Navigation, Header

![Mockup screenshot](/assets/media/navbar.png)
 The navigation bar and header has a clear, minimalistic style. The logo "Basel Mobile Personal Training Services" clearly indicates What it is?, Where it is?
 The navigation bar includes three sections: 1. Home,
                                             2. Training,
                                             3. Contact form.
With an underline at the actual page it indicates clearly for the visitor on which page she/he is.       
The navigation bar, header is consitent in apperence and location on all three pages.                                      


* Hero Image- Zoom effect

The main/opening picture has a zoom effect to create motion on a static image. The image has warm colours and is trtying to express the freedom of movement in a simplest possible way.



- Social Media Links

![social media icons](/assets/media/socialmedialinks.png)

The social media links can be found on all three pages at the bottom- footer.
With the well known icons for Youtube, LinkdIn, Facebook the visitor can collect more information about the business.



* External Links

External link on page one is taking the visitor to another service provider's website who the owner worked in the past.
First external link on page two takes the visitor the the owners Youtube channel. Here the visitor can get a better idea about the type of training that the service covers.
Second external link on page two takes the visitor to a public fitness studio's website where the owner also delivers the training services. It's an alternstive location.


+ Contact Form

![Screenshot-of-contactform](/assets/media/form.png)



On page three is a simple contact for which requests First Name, Last Name and email address from anyone who is interested in personal training or wants to have more information.




- Checkboxes

![checkboxes](/assets/media/checkboxes.png)

The check boxes on page three help the visitor clarifying their training goal and helps the owner to anticipate the needs of a potential client.




## Features left to implement


For future implementation a calendar/schedule system to be added for existing clients to schedule appointments/ training sessions.


## Testing

### Validator Testing

### Unfixed Bugs


## Deployment

## Credits



### Content

### Media

### Acknowledgement
